Use queue name for event notification config (#5369)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/rich-oranges-attack.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

> fix: Use queue name, not ID, for event notification subcommands

Reviewer: This is a change to R2 commands, right?
Can you call this out in the changeset? This is used to generate the changelog and currently there is not enough context in this message for users to understand what this change will do for them.

> fix: Use queue name, not ID, for event notification subcommands

Author: I will update the changeset. No one is using this command yet (it doesn't work in prod) so it's not _literally_ a breaking change, in terms of human impact. But purely from a semver POV it is a breaking change. I'll update the changeset.

---
"wrangler": minor
---

> fix: Use queue name, not ID, for event notification subcommands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: Use queue name, not ID, for `r2 bucket event-notification` subcommands
```

> This is a breaking change over previous behavior.

Reviewer: Sorry to be a pain, this will confuse users because they will see a breaking change in a minor release. Proposed change:

```suggestion
Since the original command was not yet operational, this update does not constitute a breaking change.
```

Author: Not a pain, good call. I wasn't sure the right thing to do here.
